{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f15\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f108\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f109\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f111\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f112\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f113\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}{\s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 Plain Text;}{
\s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 Body Text 2;}{\s19\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 Body Text;}{\s20\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright 
\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 header;}{\s21\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext21 footer;}{\*\cs22 \additive \sbasedon10 page number;}{\s23\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 
\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext23 Body Text Indent 2;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}}{\listname 
;}\listid-2}{\list\listtemplateid-1\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }{\listname ;}\listid1212114801}}{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid-2\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls1}{\listoverride\listid-2
\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent360{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls2}{\listoverride\listid1212114801
\listoverridecount0\ls3}}{\info{\upr{\title ? How can I get help from Microsoft Technical Support}{\*\ud\uc0{\title {\uc1\u-3913 ? How can I get help from Microsoft Technical Support}}}}{\author Kathryn (Kiki) McMillan}{\operator Kathryn (Kiki) McMillan}
{\creatim\yr1999\mo4\dy8\hr20\min2}{\revtim\yr1999\mo4\dy8\hr20\min2}{\printim\yr1999\mo4\dy3\hr12\min3}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords3331}{\nofchars18988}{\*\company MSFT}{\nofcharsws23318}{\vern71}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\footer \pard\plain \s21\qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {
\cs22\f15  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\cs22\f15\lang1024 6}}}{\f15 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s19\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {Microsoft\'ae Midtown Madness\'99 1.0 (Chicago Edition)

\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
\par }{\f15 
\par \'a9 Copyright 1999 Microsoft Corporation.
\par 
\par This document includes answers to commonly asked questions about playing and optimizing the performance of Midtown Madness. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 
\par OTHER SOURCES OF INFORMATION ON MIDTOWN MADNESS:
\par }{\f15 
\par The online Help system for Midtown Madness includes helpful information about playing the game and maximizing your performance. To access Help, click the "?" button in the upper right corner of any game screen.
\par 
\par You can also refer to a Quick Key Reference list while you are driving. Press F1 to automatically pause the game and display the Quick Key Reference list. Press ESC (or click the Exit Menu button) when you are ready to get back in the action.
\par 
\par For the latest information, visit the Midtown Madness World Wide Web site at:
\par 
\par }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f15  HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/games/midtown }{\f15 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006d006900630072006f0073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f00670061006d00650073002f006d006900640074006f0077006e00000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f15\ul\cf2 h{\*\bkmkstart _Hlt447355090}t{\*\bkmkend _Hlt447355090}tp://w{\*\bkmkstart _Hlt447189868}w{\*\bkmkstart _Hlt447189869}{\*\bkmkend _Hlt447189868}w{\*\bkmkend _Hlt447189869}
.micr{\*\bkmkstart _Hlt447189857}o{\*\bkmkend _Hlt447189857}soft.com/{\*\bkmkstart _Hlt447189867}g{\*\bkmkend _Hlt447189867}ames/midtown}}}{\f15 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrt\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {
\par Table of Contents\line 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 (1)\tab I'm having trouble installing Midtown Madness. How can I get help from Microsoft Technical Support?
\par (2)\tab How can I make the game run faster?
\par (3)\tab I didn't register when I installed Midtown Madness. Is it too late to register now?
\par (4)\tab How can I reduce the "popping" effect of buildings and other objects in my forward field of view?
\par (5)\tab Will additional vehicles and race locations be available for Midtown Madness?
\par (6)\tab How can I make my joystick (or steering wheel) feel less twitchy?
\par (7)\tab Can I drive using a mouse? Why would I want to?
\par (8)\tab How can I adjust the amount of force I can feel with my force feedback controller?
\par (9)\tab How do I hook up my steering wheel and pedals to work correctly with Midtown Madness?
\par (10)\tab How can I adjust the volume of music, sound effects, and other audio in the game?
\par (11)\tab How can I play my own music CDs while I am playing Midtown Madness?
\par (12)\tab How do I turn off the movies that play when I start Midtown Madness?
\par (13)\tab Is there a list of game controls I can access while I'm playing Midtown Madness?
\par (14)\tab I want to customize the control assignments for my joystick (or other game controller). Which actions/inputs can I assign to which controls?
\par (15)\tab Is there anything I can do to improve my cornering at high speeds?
\par (16)\tab What do the Midtown Safe Mode, No Sound, No Movie, and Redetect Video shortcuts in my Midtown Madness folder do?
\par (17)\tab How can I unlock locked vehicles?
\par (18)\tab How can I play Midtown Madness with other people for free on the MSN Gaming Zone?
\par (19)\tab I prefer more arcade-style racing games. How can I make Midtown Madness feel more like an arcade racer?
\par (20)\tab Sometimes I can customize race conditions (i.e., weather, time-of-day, pedestrian, cop, and traffic densities), and sometimes I can't. How come?
\par (21)\tab Why don't all my opponents follow the same path during a race? Am I missing something?
\par (22)\tab I've run some races several times, but I still can't beat them. What can I do to improve my performance?
\par (23)\tab How can I find out more about the vehicles featured in Midtown Madness?
\par (24)\tab I want to drive using manual transmission. How do I shift once I'm in the game?
\par (25)\tab I just changed video cards. }{\f15\cgrid0 How do I get Midtown Madness to detect my new one?}{\f15 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(1)\tab Q. I'm having trouble installing Midtown Madness. How can I get help from Microsoft Technical Support?
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab 
If you are having problems installing or playing Midtown Madness, first look in the online Help system or consult the jewel case booklet. You can open the online Help system even if you haven't installed Midtown Madness b
y double-clicking mm.hlp (located on the Midtown Madness disc). You can also find late-breaking updates and technical information in this FAQ.RTF file or in the README.RTF file (located in the directory where you installed Midtown Madness or on the Midtow
n Madness disc).\line \line You can also find helpful information on the Microsoft Technical Support World Wide Web page at:\line \line }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f15  HYPERLINK "http://support.microsoft.com/support/games/default.asp" }{\f15 
{\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b6e00000068007400740070003a002f002f0073007500700070006f00720074002e006d006900630072006f0073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f0073007500700070006f00720074002f00670061006d006500
73002f00640065006600610075006c0074002e0061007300700000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a80000}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f15\ul\cf2 http://support.micros{\*\bkmkstart _Hlt447633836}o{\*\bkmkend _Hlt447633836}ft.com/support/games/default.asp

\par }}}\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f15 \line 
If you still have a question, Microsoft offers technical support and services ranging from self-help tools to direct assistance with a Microsoft Support Professional. A summary of technical support services, including telephone numbers for supp
ort in the United States and Canada, is included in the Midtown Madness jewel case booklet.\line \line 
For details on these options, including telephone numbers for worldwide support, double-click mm.hlp (located on the Midtown Madness disc), and then click "Getting
 Help from Microsoft Technical Support" in the Table of Contents. You can open this Help file directly from the Midtown Madness disc if you haven't installed the game.
\par }\pard \s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 (2)\tab Q. How can I make the game run faster?
\par }{\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab 
If you have a computer whose configuration is close to the minimum system requirements for running Midtown Madness, switching to a lower resolution setting may make the game run faster (the safest resolution settings are 320x200, 320x240, and 640x480).
\line \line To switch to a lower resolution, click Options (in the upper right corner of any game screen), and then click Graphics Options. In the Resolution list, pick a lower resolution setting, and then click Done.
\par \line If you have an older video card, setting your Renderer setting to Software Renderer and turning on the Interlaced Rendering option (only available when Software Renderer is selected in the Renderer list) may also make the game run faster.
\par \line }{\b\f15 Other suggestions for making the game run faster:\line }{\f15 Turning on the Sp
eed Loading option in Graphics Options (Options menu) may make the game run faster on your computer. With Speed Loading turned on, the game will wait to load new textures and geometry until you actually encounter them. The downside to turning on Speed Loa
ding is that Midtown Madness may pause occasionally during gameplay. If that is the case, turn off Speed Loading.\line \line You can also try other methods to reduce the pausing effect:\line --Reduce your Texture Resolution setting in Graphics Options.
\line --Reduce your Far Clip Pane setting in Graphics Options.\line --Reduce your Audio Quality setting in Audio Options.\line --Close all open applications before starting Midtown Madness. \line --Install more RAM on your computer.\line \line 
Although the advanced physics model featured in Midtown Madnes
s is designed to maintain an accurate simulation experience even at relatively slow frame rates, you can also try the following to make the game run even faster (listed in approximate order of effectiveness):\line 
--Reduce your Resolution setting in Graphic Options.\line --If your Renderer setting is set to Software Renderer, turn off Textured Sky or turn on the Interlaced Rendering option in Graphics Options.\line 
--If you have an older 3D hardware accelerator card, or if your Renderer setting is set to Software Renderer, turn off the Textured Sky option in Graphics Options (if Interlaced Rendering is also turned on, turning off Textured Sky will have no effect).
\line --If you have an older 3D hardware accelerator card, setting your Renderer setting to Software Renderer may improve performance.\line --Reduce your Object Detail setting in Graphics Options.\line 
--Turn on the Hide Pedestrians option in Graphics Options.\line --Turn off the Cloud Shadows and Vehicle Reflections options in Graphic Options.\line --While you are racing or cruising, turn off the rearview mirror by pressing BACKSPACE.\line 
--Race (or cruise) in cockpit view with the dashboard turned off (press D to toggle the dashboard on and off).\line --Reduce your Texture Resolution setting in Graphics Options.\line \line The "Video Card Notes and Troubles
hooting" section of README.RTF (located in the folder where you installed Midtown Madness or on the Midtown Madness disc) also includes valuable information about optimizing your Graphics settings.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(3)\tab Q. I didn't register when I installed Midtown Madness. Is it too late to register now?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 
\par A.\tab }{\f15 No, it's not too late to register your copy of Midtown Madness. To register Midtown Madness after you've installed it, visit the World Wide Web site at:\line \line }{\f15\ul\cf2\cgrid0 
http://www.microsoft.com/games/midtown/product/register.htm}{\f15\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\b\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 
\par (4)\tab Q. How can I reduce the "popping" effect of buildings and other objects in my forward field of view?
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab Increasing your Object Detail setting in Graphics Options (Options menu and in-game menu) should help reduce the "popping effect." If you find that
 "popping" is still a problem, reducing the Far Clip Distance setting (also in Graphics Options) may help.\line \line The "Video Card Notes and Troubleshooting" section of README.RTF also includes valuable information on optimizing your Graphics settings.

\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(5)\tab Will additional vehicles and race locations be available for Midtown Madness?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 
\par A.\tab }{\f15 Check the official Midtown Madness World Wide Web site for the latest information on additional vehicles and race locations for Midtown Madness:\line \line }{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f15  HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/games/midtown 
}{\f15 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b4e00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e006d006900630072006f0073006f00660074002e0063006f006d002f00670061006d00650073002f006d006900640074006f0077006e00000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004fd020}}}{\fldrslt {\cs15\f15\ul\cf2 http://www.microsoft.com/games/midtown}}}{\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 (6)\tab Q. How can I make my joystick (or steering wheel) feel less twitchy?
\par }{\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab Adjusting the Stee
ring Sensitivity and Controller Dead Zone settings for your joystick or steering wheel may help make your driving experience a little less twitchy. To increase the Controller Dead Zone setting, click the Options button (in the upper right corner of any ga
m
e screen), click Control Options, and confirm that the controller you want to adjust is selected in the Controllers list. Next, click the plus sign on the Controller Dead Zone slider control to increase the Dead Zone setting. To reduce the Steering Sensit
i
vity setting, click the minus sign on the Steering Sensitivity slider. You can also adjust these settings during a race by pressing ESC and clicking Options, and then Control Options. You may have to experiment to find the perfect setting for your driving
 style.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s19\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(7)\tab Q. Can I drive using a mouse? Why would I want to?
\par 
\par }\pard \s19\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {A.\tab }{\b0 
Although a joystick or a steering wheel will almost always provide the best driving experience, driving with a mouse may give you finer control over your vehicle than you would experience driving with the keyboard.\line \line 
You can specify the mouse as your primary driving control in Control Options (Options menu). You may want to experiment with your Steering Sensitivity and Controller Dead Zone settings (also in Control Options) as you tweak the 
handling so that it's just the way you like it.\line \line 
When you're driving using the mouse while in external views (not in cockpit view), it's also a good idea to turn on the mouse feedback indicator, which gives you a visual indication of how hard you're corner
ing. Press H to toggle the mouse feedback indicator on and off.
\par 
\par }\pard \s19\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par (8)\tab Q. How can I adjust the amount of force I can feel with my force feedback controller?
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab Adjusting the Collision Intensity and Road Force Intensity settings for your joystick or steerin
g wheel can help you customize your force feedback experience. To adjust these settings, click the Options button (in the upper right corner of any game screen), click Control Options, and confirm that the controller you want to adjust is selected in the 
C
ontrollers list. Confirm that the Force Feedback option is selected. Next, click the plus sign on the slider controls to increase the settings. To reduce the settings, click the minus signs on the slider controls. You can also adjust these settings during
 a race by pressing ESC and clicking Options, and then Control Options.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(9)\tab Q. How do I hook up my steering wheel and pedals to work correctly with Midtown Madness?
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab For complete instructions about how to install specific types of steering wheels for u
se with Midtown Madness, see the "Configuring Your Steering Wheel" section of online Help (click Game Controls in the main Table of Contents). This section includes topics about installing the Microsoft Sidewinder Force-Feedback Wheel, ThrustMaster NASCAR
 (R) Pro Racing Wheel (outside U.S., ThrustMaster Formula One Racing Wheel), ThrustMaster Formula T1 and T2, ThrustMaster Grand Prix 1, and CH Products Pro Pedals.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 (10)\tab Q. How can I adjust the volume of music, sound effects, and other audio in the game?
\par }{\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab 
You can use the Windows Volume Control to set the audio level for your computer, and you can also independently set Wave Volume (which affects the volume of sound effects and commentary in the game) and CD Volume (which effects the volume of music playe
d in the game) from within Midtown Madness.\line \line 
To adjust the Wave Volume and CD Volume settings, click the Options button (in the upper right corner of any game screen), click Audio Options, and then click the plus or minus signs on the Wave Volume and CD Volume slider controls.\line \line 
For a more peaceful racing experience, you can also completely turn off the Audio Effects, Play Music, and Play Commentary options in Audio Options (Options menu). You can also adjust these settings during a race by pressing ESC, cli
cking Options, and then clicking Audio Options.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(11)\tab Q. How can I play my own music CDs while I am playing Midtown Madness?
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.\tab }{\f15 You can listen to music from the Midtown Madness CD or from any music CD while you play Midtown Madness.\line \line To play the Midtown 
Madness CD, insert the Midtown Madness CD into the same CD-ROM drive from which you installed the game.\line \line To play your own music CD, Hold down the SHIFT key while inserting the music CD. The SHIFT key prevents the Windows\'ae
 CD player window from displaying, and needs to be held down at least 10 seconds to prevent that window from displaying. Make sure that the drive is the same drive from which you installed Midtown Madness.\line \line 
During gameplay, use the following universal keyboard game controls to play music:\line \line Press this key:\tab \tab To do this:\line 2\tab \tab \tab Display the CD player\line 3\tab \tab \tab Play or stop the current track\line 4 \tab \tab \tab 
Select the previous track\line 5\tab \tab \tab Select the next track\line \line If the CD will not play, press ALT+TAB to switch to the Windows\'ae CD Player window, close it, and then restart with the step above. }{\b\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(12)\tab Q. How do I turn off the movies that play when I start Midtown Madness?
\par }{\b0 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab You have several options if you don't want to watch the movies that play when you start Midtown Madness. First, you can hold down the 
left mouse button (or press ESC) to skip the movies when you start the game. To permanently disable them, you can either delete or rename the AVI files (located in the folder where you installed Midtown Madness) or run the No Movie shortcut (also located 
in the folder where you installed Midtown Madness).
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\b\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 (13)\tab Q. Is there a list of game controls I can access while playing Midtown Madness?
\par }{\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab Yes. While you are racing (or cruising), press F1 to pause the game and display a complete list of game controls. Press ESC or (click the Exit Menu button) when you are ready to get back in the action.\line \line 
You can also consult the list of game controls included in the Midtown Madness jewel case booklet.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 (14)\tab Q. I want to customize the control assignments for my joystic
k (or other game controller). Which actions/inputs can I assign to which controls?
\par 
\par A.\tab }{\f15 Steering and driving inputs (i.e., turning left and right, accelerating and braking) can be assigned to either control axes or buttons or keys. Other controls can only b
e assigned to buttons or keys (i.e., Map and HUD toggles, Shift Up and Shift Down, Change Views, etc.).\line \line 
To customize your controller assignments, click the Options button (located in the upper right corner of any game screen), and then click Control Optio
ns. In the Key Functions list, click the name of the function you want to assign to a new control or key, and then press the control or key you want. To revert to the default settings, click the Defaults button at the bottom of the Control Options screen.

\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 
\par (15)\tab Q. Is there anything I can do to improve my cornering at high speeds?
\par }{\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab When cornering at high speeds, try using the handbrake and accelerator at the same time. Braking alone can slow you down too much, while accelerating through a corner without 
braking can slide you right into traffic. To use the handbrake, press the SPACEBAR (if the keyboard is your selected controller) or joystick button 2 (if the joystick is your selected controller).
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s23\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(16)\tab Q. What do the Midtown Safe Mode, No Sound, No Movie, and Redetect Video shortcuts in my Midtown Madness folder do?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.\tab }{\f15 The Midtown Safe Mode, No Sound, and No Movie, and Redetect Video shortcuts are included to help you solve video card, audio, and video problems you may encounter when installing or playing Midtown Madness.\line \line 
Use the Midtown Safe Mode shortcut if you encounter problems with your video card configuration. When you use this shortcut, Midtown Madness starts with the Rendering option set to Software
 Only and the opening movies are not played. Midtown Madness also automatically redetects your video card. You can confirm that your video card is recognized by Midtown Madness by checking the Renderer list in Graphic Options (Options menu).\line \line 
Use the Redetect Video shortcut when you've changed video cards. When you use this shortcut, Midtown Madness will recognize your new video card and set Graphics options (Options menu) accordingly. (See also Question #23).\line \line 
Use the No Sound shortcut to start Midtown Mad
ness with all audio, including audio effects, music, and in-game commentary, turned off. Use this shortcut if you're having problems with sound in the game, or if you prefer a silent gameplay experience. You can turn these sounds back on in Audio Options 
(Options menu).\line \line 
Use the No Movie shortcut to start Midtown Madness without playing the opening movies. Use this shortcut if you're having problems with the movies that play when you start Midtown Madness, or if you don't want to see the movies each time yo
u start the game.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\b\f15 
\par }\pard \s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 (17)\tab Q. How can I unlock locked vehicles?
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab To unlock specific vehicles, follow these steps:
\par }\pard \s17\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 City Bus:}{\f15  To unlock the City Bus, Amateurs must finish in first, second, or third in any two races. Professionals need to take first place in any two races.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 \tab 
\par }\pard \s17\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 Freightliner Century Class 18-wheel truck:}{\f15  To unlock the Freightliner, Amateurs and Professionals must "beat the clock" in any five Blitz races.
\par }\pard \s17\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par \tab }{\b\f15 '68 Ford Mustang Fastback: }{\f15 To unlock the Fastback, Amateurs must finish in the\line top three places in any five Circuit races. Professionals must finish in first place in any five Circuit races.
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\f15 Mustang Police Car:}{\f15  To unlock the Police Car, Amateurs must finish in the top three places in any six Checkpoint races. Professionals must finish in first place.
\par \tab 
\par }\pard \s17\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 Panoz GTR:}{\f15 
 The only way to unlock the awesome power of the Panoz GTR is to accumulate 8,000 points while racing as a Professional (you don't earn points when you're racing as an Amateur!). Points are awarded based on two important criteria: how 
well you place in races, and which vehicles you're driving. If you finish well in a race driving a slower vehicle, you'll get more points than if you do the same thing in a\line faster car. 
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(18)\tab Q. How can I play Midtown Madness with other people for free on the MSN Gaming Zone?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab Once you've started Midtown Madness, click Multiplayer on the main game screen, and then click MSN Gaming Zone on the Multiplayer Connection screen. Your Web browser will start, and you will be automatically connected to the MSN G
aming Zone Web site (}{\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst {\f15  HYPERLINK "http://zone.msn.com" }{\f15 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b2a00000068007400740070003a002f002f007a006f006e0065002e006d0073006e002e0063006f006d002f0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000d80800}}}{\fldrslt {
\cs15\f15\ul\cf2 http://zone.msn.com}}}{\f15 ) where you can find other people ready to play Midtown Madness.
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(19)\tab Q. I prefer more arcade-style racing games. How can I make Midtown Madness feel more like an arcade racer?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab 
By adjusting the Physics Realism setting, you can make Midtown Madness behave more like an arcade-style racing game. The Physics Realism slider is located on the Vehicles Screen, and you can assign a distinct Physics Realism setting to each vehicle feat
ured in Midtown Madness. To decrease the setting and make Midtown Madness behave more like an arcade racer, click the minus sign on the Physics Realism slider control.
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(20)\tab Q. Sometimes I can customize race conditions (i.e., weather, time-of-day, pedestrian, cop, and traffic densities), and sometimes I can't. How come?
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b\f15 A.}{\f15 \tab 
If you're racing as an Amateur, placing in the top three places in any one Circuit, Blitz, or Checkpoint race unlocks the weather, time-of-day, and traffic, pedestrian and cop density c
onditions for that specific race. This allows you to customize your race experience for new challenges (and new landspeed records!). If you're racing as a Professional, you'll have to place first in each Circuit, Blitz, or Checkpoint race for the same cus
tomization privileges.
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(21)\tab Q. Why don't all my opponents follow the same path during a race? Am I missing something?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {A.\tab }{\b0 Your opponents are exploiting every advantage they can find to fly across the finish line in front of you! They're cutting corners, u
sing shortcuts, diving into tunnels, driving on the sidewalk\emdash whatever it takes to win!\line \line 
Also keep in mind that in checkpoint races, you can clear the checkpoints in any order, so one of your opponents may have discovered a faster route that lets him or her
 charge through checkpoints in a more efficient manner. Following your opponents can be a smart strategy\emdash they can help you find new ways to win!\line \line 
To help you discover new routes, you can change which checkpoint the green checkpoint arrow is pointing at by pressing S to point toward the next checkpoint, and X to point toward the previous checkpoint.
\par }\pard \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\b0 
\par }\pard \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b0 
\par }{(22)\tab Q. I've run some races several times, but I still can't beat them. What can I do to improve my performance?
\par }{\b0 
\par }{A.}{\b0 \tab See Question #21 for tips on finding the best route for a specific race. Following your opponents can be a valuable learning experience!\line \line 
It's also important to take advantage of shortcuts and tunnels, and choosing the right vehicle for the job can make all the difference in the world. Sometimes y
ou need the pure power of the Ford F-350, while at other times you need the nimble handling of the new Ford Mustang GT. Most importantly, always remember: practice makes perfect!
\par }\pard \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\b0 
\par }\pard \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\b0 
\par }{(23)\tab Q. How can I find out more about the vehicles featured in Midtown Madness?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }{\b\f15 A.\tab }{\f15 The Vehicles Showcase button on the Vehicles screen is your ticket to real-world information about the awesome vehicles featured in Midtown Madness.\line \line 
For the inside scoop on a specific vehicle, including real-world specifications and a URL for the
 manufacturer's World Wide Web site, click the vehicle's name in the Vehicles list on the Vehicles screen, and then click Vehicles Showcase. When you're ready to return to the Vehicles screen, click Done.
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {(24)\tab Q. I want to drive using manual transmission. How do I shift once I'm in the game?
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f15 
\par }\pard\plain \s18\fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f15\fs20\cgrid {A.}{\b0 \tab 
To drive using manual transmission, you can either clear the Automatic Transmission check box on the Vehicles screen, or press T while you're racing to toggle between automatic and manual transmissions.\line \line 
To upshift while you are racing, press A. To downshift, press Z.
\par }\pard\plain \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrdb\brdrw15\brsp20 \adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }\pard \fi-720\li720\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright {
\par }{\b\f15 (25)\tab Q. I just changed video cards. }{\b\f15\cgrid0 How do I get Midtown Madness to detect my new one?
\par 
\par A.\tab }{\f15\cgrid0 To have Midtown Madness detect your new video card, double-click the Redetect Video shortcut (located in the folder where you installed Midtown Madness).
\par }{\f15 
\par }{
\par 
\par }}